28303 ill tof channel (#28304)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.1.0/direct_geometry.rst

    putting new features at the top of the section, followed by
    improvements, followed by bug fixes.

Improvements
############

> For ILL time-of-flight instruments, :ref:`LoadILLTOF <algm-LoadILLTOF-v2>` now allows bin edges determined by channel number rather than time-of-flight values.

Reviewer: This does not seem quite right.  Perhaps
```suggestion
For ILL time-of-flight instruments, :ref:`LoadILLTOF <algm-LoadILLTOF-v2>` now allows bin edges determined by channel number by default, but you can still convert to time-of-flight using the `ConvertToTOF` property..
```
